----------------------
--- INTRODUCTION -----
----------------------

The rover sits in the middle of stage, switched off.
  
  AARON
  Good morning! I'm Aaron, and I've been the
  supervisor to this group of bright young
  interns over the summer.
  We'd like to present to you Dave, our rover.
  Over the past 10-12 weeks we've been working
  with Intel Curie modules and Genuino 101
  boards, and we thought this project would be
  a fun way to demonstrate what we've learned.
  So we've put together a little show -
  for the next 5-10 minutes everything you see
  and hear will be controlled entirely by Intel
  Curies over BLE, using our custom phone app.
  Throughout the show some of my team will talk a
  little about certain parts of the rover they
  worked on, and DAVE has also insisted that
  it has a few works to say itself. Let's switch it on!

  DAVE
  [T0NEXT0.ogg]
  (Bootup sound)

----------------------
---- APP SECTION -----
----------------------

  DAVE
  [T00.ogg]
  Good morning. I am Dave. A semi-autonomous
  science rover built right here at Intel. These
  fine folks would like to show you a few of my
  functions. I've agreed to this, on the condition
  that I don't get driven into a tree like last
  time.

  AARON
  Eimear would now like to talk about the app
  that she helped build to control the rover.

  EIMEAR
  For this project, I worked on the App to control
  the Rover which involved using the BLE function
  on the Genuino board. There are two parts of the
  code to get an App to work: the Arduino code on
  the board and the code for the App interface on
  the phone. They are connected using BLE- the
  phone being the central device while the Arduino
  board is the peripheral. The App recognises the
  Genuino board and vice versa as each device is
  given a UUID which is written into the code.
  Evothings is the platform I used to build the
  App which uses HTMl and Javascript. For
  controlling the stepper motors of the rover,
  images of arrow keys were given an ID, the
  Arduino code is constantly listening for a
  command from the central device it’s connected
  to. When an arrow button is held, the ID of
  that key identifies which command is to be
  sent and the Arduino code executes that comman
  until the button is released. The code for working
  the temperature sensor, speaker and cube were done
  in similar ways and they were combined into one
  multipage App. The App was given its own URL so we
  could connect many phones to it in order to work the
  different elements of the Rover simultaneously. 

----------------------
-- MOVEMENT SECTION --
----------------------

  AARON
  We wanted to explore how easy it would be
  to control a vehicle over BLE.

  DAVE
  [T01NEXT0.ogg]
  Okay. Manual drive mode actived. Please be gentle

The rover is driven around.

  AARON
  Fionnuala would like to say a few words about 
  designing the chassis for the rover.
  
  FIONUALLA
  I worked on the structure of the rover. Originally
  the structure was made from a wooden frame, it wasn’t
  very stable so we decided to use meccano. The rover is
  composed of two skate board wheels and a swivel wheel
  at the front, this is all held together using the
  meccano. The skateboard wheels are connected to motors
  which are contained within the body of the rover. By
  using meccano we have a more stable and reliable
  framework for the rover. There is a platform for the
  genuino 101 boards and also the motor shield and led
  cube. There’s a storage compartment to old two power
  banks to run the rover.
  
  DAVE
  [T01NEXT1.ogg]
  You know, I really would prefer to do the 
  driving... stastistically, machines are a lot safer

-----------------
-- IMU SECTION --
-----------------

  AARON
  Conor would now like to talk a little about his
  experience working with the IMU...

  CONOR
  I worked with the on board IMU to detect the
  orientation of the rover and we used this Led
  cube as a visual representation.
  (Video of cube being moved)
  It’s sort of like a box filled with water the
  LEDs represent the water accumulating in the
  different corners of the cube. The rover also
  benefits from the orientation data, knowing
  when he’s been picked up

  DAVE
  [T02NEXT0.ogg]
  Woah, careful. Watch the merchandise please.

  CONOR
  Or even upside down...

  DAVE
  [T02NEXT1.ogg]
  You know how I get motion sickness? Well, I
  could be getting that, now. I'd advise putting me
  back down before we have ourselves a situation.

  CONOR
  I also worked on the DAVE’s faces and links them
  to the different movements, so if you pick him up
  you get an unimpressed face and if you turn him
  upside down you get a very unhappy persevering face.

--------------------
-- SENSOR SECTION --
--------------------

  AARON
  Ruth would like to say a little about her time
  working with different sensors over the summer.

  RUTH
  Over the course of the summer we got to use the
  Arduino 101 to control different things such as
  LEDs, piezo buzzers, LCD screens, servo motors
  and lots of sensors such as temperature sensors
  as seen in the demo, humidity sensors, proximity
  sensors, biomedical sensors and phototransistors.
  These are connected to either the digital or
  analog pins of the Arduino. The Arduino collects
  the data from the sensors and either displays it
  in the serial monitor, on an LCD screen or on the
  Evothings app depending on what we tell it to do. 

  ROVER
  [T03.ogg]
  Hello! What kind of sensor are you? (pause)
  Let's find out. Using the latest in low-powered
  communication technology, I have the ability to
  connect and download all sorts of data remotely.

----------------------------
----- AUDIO + CLOSING ------
----------------------------

  AARON
  Caoimhe has helped with designing the sounds
  and the audio triggers for the board, she'd
  like to say a little about that

  CAOIMHE
  I worked primarily on the audio section of
  this project. My role involved converting text
  to speech online and in turn, transferring them
  to a sound board onboard the rover.
  We used an Adafruit Sound FX board to store
  these sound clips. It was my job to edit the
  sound clips and convert them to a compatible
  format so that the clips could be transferred. 
  I assigned clips to pins depending on their
  part in the script and made sure that it worked
  smoothly with Aaron’s code.
  We used the Genuino to trigger the pins, with
  this being controlled remotely via BLE

  AARON
  Thank you all for your time, on behalf of myself and the
  team it was a pleasure working alongside all of you at
  Intel over the summer. I will let DAVE have the parting words...

  DAVE
  [T04.ogg]
  Thank you. It's been a pleasure. Till next
  time, so long, farwell, auf weidersehen, adieu.
